darris queen you are mad
giving me a palace it is a monstrous
extravagance mrs. Molly we are at war we
won which is not over
we must continue oh oh I did not know
that and the queen is an extraordinary
person I can tell even if I can't see
and I heard the word fat and ugly no one
but me would dare and I did not
she's been stalked by tragedy everyone
leaves me he dies I apologize for my
appearance I hoped I might be employed
here by you as something a monster for
the children to play with perhaps it is
important to make new friends in court
is it not yes stop it out you mock me
however on that and I would rather you
have become close to Abigail she is a
Viper you're jealous you send up again
away I do not want to bet shoot
something sometimes it is hard to
remember whether you have loaded the
pellet or not I must take control of my
circumstance always favor is a breeze
that shifts direction all the time then
in an instant you're back sleeping with
a bunch of scabrous
as it turns out I'm capable of much
unpleasantness
[Music]
good use look at me
I could not just stand by and let you
destroy me joy it is fun to be queen
some
you do not go I will stop kicking you
and I stop
my dear friend how good to see you've
returned from hell I'm sure you shall
pass through it one day
[Music]